Historical account of the project

The Project Management Plan was the first main event over the lifetime of the project. As a team we met up in various locations to discuss the main sections that needed to be completed for the deadline. In order to produce the first plan for the Project Plan, we firstly decided on the roles of each team member considering personal experiences within the fields. The very first hurdle that we tackled was the proposed system designs, figuring out the platforms and high level architecture that we were proposing to use and also the Use case diagrams for the android side and the server. These were mainly the tasks of the web and android teams. As well as the general design ideas, the both teams also had to create wireframes of the proposed GUI giving a reason why they chose these screens/pages. After each member of the team created written documents and image files of the design, the Management team then created the first draft of the document. During the same day, the web team had to change the use case diagram because of a few spelling mistakes with the actions.

The second main event was the Test Specification. All of the individuals in the group worked together for this document, to produce multiple tables and detailed descriptions of the tables. The android team worked along with the testing team in order to create module tests and system tests for the android device. And the web team also worked along side the testing team to create similar documents for the server side system tests. After all of the final documents were completed, the management team put the Test Specification PDF together ready for submission. After creating the first draft of the document the web and testing teams decided to change the server side test table because we had missed out a lot of important content.  

After creating the first two documents the team sat down and decided on how we were going to create the Design Specification. This became the busiest part of the project due to the detail that was needed from each team member. Knowing this, we all split into two groups; web and android team. The first main task within the design specification was the classes and components of the system; we planed to show structure and descriptions of them. One member of the android team designed all of the diagrams such as the component, sequence and UML class, whilst the other filled out the class or interface code with JavaDoc and comments. The web team also had to create a component and sequence diagram for the server side design. The second main task for the Design Specification was the Algorithms and data structures that we were proposing to use within the server and android sides.  The two main team members completed this part of the task whilst the rest of the team worked on the existing document feedback. [1] As well as completing the Algorithms and data structures the web and android teams put together sample data for the MIME strings and JSON code and the management team added them into the document as appendices. 

[1] The team came together after the Design Specification was completed to work on the submitted documents. In order to efficiently get each document updated the management team handed out roles for each member, from looking through the files comparing them to the feedback to readjusting work to fit in with the new, improved design. The main changes made to the Project Management Plan were the user account details that we had included in the first design. To change this we had to remove the Log in action from the android use-case along with the create account included. We also had to remove a lot of actions within the web side use case diagram, because we had included user preferences within the site too. Not only did the use cases change, the QA manager had to change the wireframes for both of the programs. Because they had originally included the user preferences. 
The next document that the team had to work on was the Test Specification, along side the prototype demo. The testing team had to work along side the android team for this event in the project, in order to create the test log forms and improve the testing tables. 

Whilst getting ready for the demonstration of the prototype, the team had a full week in the Orchard on campus. In order to successfully complete this main event in the project, the team worked together to make sure that we had a prototype to demo. Throughout the week, the team split up into the assigned groups to work on specified tasks that the Project Leader had given. The android team worked on the general code, making sure that it tied in with the functional requirements. The web team also did the same, as well as making sure that the two systems worked together in unison. As we neared the end of the week, the testing team managed to apply the system tests to the application and the website, deciding whether they had passed or failed.    

After receiving the feedback to the Design Specification, this became the main focus for the android and management teams. The teams had to work together to change the decomposition description due to the layout of the application changing, from previously stated designs. Many of the class and interface names had changed as well as the UML diagram structure. To complete the task we assigned the main programmer from the android team to go through the code and change what we discussed. Not only did the layout of the application change from original design implications, the web layout also had to change. Whilst the two teams worked on this document, the rest of the group were concentrating on specified sections of the Final Report, given to them by the Project Leader. This included personal reports as well as group tasks. 

Throughout the whole project, there has been up to eighty hours on average, from each team member. These hours include meetings as well as personal work on the project. In order to complete the milestones that were set these were the kinds of hours that were deemed needed from each member. 
